.TH ntfyme 1 "July 2024" "ntfyme Manual" "ntfyme Manual Page"
NAME
    ntfyme - Simple notification tool to notify yourself when a long running process ends with local ping, gmail, telegram, etc. 

SYNOPSIS
    ntfyme [OPTION]
    ntfyme -v, --version

DESCRIPTION
    ntfyme, a simple cross-platform python notification tool used to notify youself when any process, long to short, successful to process full of erros and blunders terminates. You can get local notification, or a gmail, maybe a telegram bot you activated. Just echo your command and pipe it to the tool and you are good to go.  

OPTIONS
    -h, --help
        To see the help message.
    exec
        To execute process commands to run.
        --cmd, -c
            To directly run the command.
        --track-process, -t
            To track and terminate your process if it gets suspended.
    setup
        To setup the tool interactively.
    log
        To see the log history of the command usage.
        --recent, -r
            To see the log of most recent command run.
    config
        To see and set the configurations for the tool.

    enc
        To encrypt your password with your ntfyme_key.

FILES
    ntfyme stores and uses configurations from config.toml file which you can access only using root privilages. It contains information regarding your email, telegram bot, personalised messages, etc. 
    The log file contains a brief summary of the output with full ERROR description and varioous debugging information present.

NOTES
    
    
EXAMPLES
    To directly run your command:

        $ ntfyme exec --[c]md COMMAND

    To pipe the command and run:

        $ echo COMMAND | ntfyme exec

    To run multiple commands, enclose the commands with quotes:

        $ echo "CMD1; CMD2; CMD3" | ntfyme exec

    To track and terminate your process after prolong suspension:

        $ ntfyme exec --[t]rack-process -[c]md COMMAND

    To encrypt your password:
    
        $ ntfyme enc

    To setup the tool configurations interactively:

        $ ntfyme setup 

    To see the log history:
    
        $ ntfyme log

    To see the log of the latest command run:

        $ ntfyme log --[r]ecent

    To open and edit the configurations:
    
        $ ntfyme config

DEPENDENCIES
    ntfyme requires python version >= 3.11 and python libraries like tomlkit & toml for toml file utilities, smtplib for mailing, cryptography for encryption, plyer for local notification on windows and rich, rich-click, beaupy for enhanced UI features. For Linux, inbuilt notify-send is used, and inbuilt osacript for MacOS for local notifications.

AUTHOR
    ntfyme was written by Anirudh Gupta.
 
